release: v1.44.0 (#4924)
apollographql/router: .changesets/fix_geal_entity_cache_configuration_update.md

> ### Entity cache: require the presence of a Cache-Control header ([Issue #4880](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4880))
> 
> The entity cache plugin intended to require a `Cache-Control` header from the subgraph to decide whether or not a response should be cached. Unfortunately in the way tit was set up, all responses were stored.
> The plugin now makes sure that the `Cache-Control` is there, and if a subgraph does not provide it, then the aggregated `Cache-Control` header sent to the client will contain `no-store`.
> 
> Additionally, the Router will now check that a TTL is configured for all subgraphs, either in per subgraph configuration, or globally.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Require Cache-Control header for entity cache ([Issue #4880](https://github.com/apollographql/router/issues/4880))

Previously, the router's entity cache plugin didn't use a subgraph's `Cache-Control` header to decide whether to store a response. Instead, it cached all responses. 

Now, the router's entity cache plugin expects a `Cache-Control` header from a subgraph. If a subgraph does not provide it, the aggregated `Cache-Control` header sent to the client will contain `no-store`.

Additionally, the router now verifies that a TTL is configured for all subgraphs, either globally or for each subgraph configuration.
```
